AWS instead of custom work?
---------------------------
- Post something to a topic
- Receive a message from the broadcast
- Do something interesting with that receive

For example:
- Server you want to monitor
- Periodically pull data from server
- Publish data to SNS
  - Receive to Lambda (yes, lambda - not heroku, and not a microframework)
    - Lambda writes the data to DynamoDB
    - Lambda computes a report (HTML, chat bot, whatever), and publishes it (to
      S3, via an API

Option 1 - Sender / receiver + page generator
---------------------------------------------
- Sender posts to SNS
- SNS pushes to receiver
- Receiver does something with data

With this design you integrate with SNS, and only write senders (HTTP) and
reciver (HTTP, which could be Sinatra, or Flask, or something similar).


Option 2 - Sender + page generator
----------------------------------

- Sender posts to SNS
- SNS pushes to Lambda
- Lambda writes to DynamoDB
- Status page generated by one of:
  - Lambda runs a static job to generate page and pushed it to S3
  - Script connects to DynamoDB via API and generates results locally

Parts to make this work:
- API gateway + authentication
- IAM role
  - Permissions to invoke elements of the API
- Lambda endpoint
  - Python function
- DynamoDB for document storage
  - Table to store it in
  - Proper message format
  - Storage and retrieval

- (trigger) helloWorld example via API Gateway
  https://s7cwrozz6g.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/helloWorld
  -> Lambda function call runs as a result of hitting the above endpoint
    -> console message print

Example IAM Policy, allowing any API Gateway endpoint to be triggered
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [
        "execute-api:Invoke"
      ],
      "Resource": "arn:aws:execute-api:*:*:*"
    }
  ]
}

... so while a lot of the complication (authentication / authorization, HTTP
servers, etc. are all taken care of, and that's a huge burden off, I think there
is a place for something like mini-pubsub, which by is very name, is designed to
be very simple and deployable just about anywhere. In a lot of ways mini-pubsub
is like an IRC bot or a Slack bot, but without requiring those integrations.
It's a standalone thing. Maybe there's something of value there, and maybe there
isn't, but it's probably worth trying out, and maybe leaving it as an open relay
kind of thing to keep it simple, while letting the more complicated and
full-featured solutions handle the scaling, the security, and everything else
that requires (at least for now) a lot more infrastructure and/or learning.

Perhaps one of the best outcomes of a project like this is not only
understanding the problem to be solved, but where it fits with all other
possible solutions out there, which can help clarify what mini-pubsub should and
shouldn't do.
